So during this 2024 Olympics, we Indians learned a lot of lessons:  

Firstly, Indian youth have a huge potential in sports 

Secondly, sadly we are not even near to 50% of our potential. 

Now looking at some basic obstacles which youth globally faces is because of lack of proper guidance and training let alone leaving nourishment and motivation for practise. 

In our childhood we might at least once felt like taking your favorite sport professionally, but there would be few common obstacles like correct nutrition in your native food or 
lack of coach or trainer or have planned exercises which are best suited for your game performance.  

Keeping in mind some common obstacles of youth globally, we are introducing to your Coach AI for making the youth have better and more participation 
in sports unlocking the feat of fitness in the masses. We tried to solve 5 problems only - 

1.) Sports Coach – We want every person to have an access to a well-trained Coach who can guide you in your initial days for your journey from Beginner to Intermediate. Right now, due to computing limits we have launched only one sport but in future we plan to release coach for sports based on the level of unavailability. Now you don't need to worry about paying a hefty fee to your coach who can't even be with you 24 X 7. 

2.) Primary Agent – Now you can have your personal nutritionist who can tailor your health and nutrient goals according to your taste of dishes (right now we have only Indian dishes) . You also have an exercise planner who can plan an exercise regimen for your whole week or for each day with respect to the amount of work and sleep hours of your day. 

3.) Habit Tracker – Discipline is the only thing which separates winners from runner ups, your habit tracker will keep track of your meals and workout times and remind you of your healthy schedules in your busy day. 

4.) Motivational Coach – When you are on a fitness freak journey, it can become very lonely because you and your preferences are unique. You can have a chat without motivational coach and it can provide you with Quotes which you can remember while committing time to your end goal. 

5.) Mental Health Booster – Sometimes pure motivation can't help you step out, keeping in mind the importance of mental health and over dedication to your sports, we timely update places which you can explore in your area, right now we are keeping only Parks, Book Clubs, Sports Club and Yoga centers.   

Keeping in mind even our beloved cricket players who play on turf only on weekend, we soon will be adding cricket in our sports coach, where individuals can learn tricks and tips and even question answer with our coach in their free time or even during their lunch breaks.